Noah walked with Jehovah. He was pleasing in God's eyes.
He stuck close to his family. They wanted to do what's right.
They worked hard to build an ark, to save them from the flood.
They listened to Jehovah and they preached to everyone.
He was faithful to Jehovah and as the flood got closer,
he preached until the end. I too be like Noah to Jehovah.
I can be God's friend now preaching. There were people who made fun.
But Noah kept his family safe until the work was done.
He was violent and bad and they found joy.
They made Jehovah glad to Jehovah. The flood got closer.
He preached until the end. I too be like Noah to Jehovah.
The flood got closer.